doc(lib): if using `ngOnInit` or `ngOnDestroy` remember to call `super.ngOnInit()` and/or `super.ngOnDestroy()` (#77)
cloudnc/ngx-sub-form: README.md

With AOT turned on you'll get proper type checking within your TS **and** HTML files.  
When refactoring your interfaces/classes, your form will error at build time if a property should no longer be here or if one is missing.

### Angular hooks

> We do use `ngOnInit` and `ngOnDestroy` internally.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ngx-sub-form uses `ngOnInit` and `ngOnDestroy` internally.  
```

If you need to use them too, do not forget to call `super.ngOnInit()` and `super.ngOnDestroy()` otherwise you might end with with the form not working correctly or a memory leak.  

> Unfortunaly, there's currently no way of making sure that consumers call those methods so keep that in mind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, there's currently no way of making sure that inheriting classes call these methods, so keep that in mind.
```
